Translating all README into EN (#7)
NakajoLab/B4-Processor-V: README_en.md

[![Scala CI](https://github.com/NakajoLab/B4-Processor/actions/workflows/scala.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/NakajoLab/B4-Processor/actions/workflows/scala.yml)

# B4SMT-V
OoO Processor

# Prepare
The following tools are required to build.

## Package Manager

> You can learn about Nix through reading [Zero to Nix] and [Nix]. 

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
You can learn about Nix by reading [Zero to Nix] and [Nix]. 
```

* [Nix][Nix download]

## Development Tools
* [IntelliJ IDEA IDEA][IntelliJ IDEA]
* java
* [sbt]
* [LLVM circt] (Circuit IR compilers and tools for generating System Verilog)

## HDL Simulator
* Verilator
* Ivarus Verilog

# Generating 
The following command generates a System Verilog file in `./processor`.

```sh
make processor
```

# Building Tests
All tests are managed by [Nix].
The following command compiled test files and [riscv-tests].
The compiled files are placed in `./processor`.

```sh
make programs
```

# Running Tests
The following command executes tests except for some heavy tests.
```shell
$ sbt "testOnly * -- -l org.scalatest.tags.Slow"
```

You can execute all tests by the following command, but it takes time.
```shell
$ sbt test
```

If you want to choose which test to run, you should open this project in [IntelliJ IDEA] and execute the test you choose.

# Troubleshooting
## Failed to generate the processor after changing dependencies.
There may be a problem with Nix's dependency cache.

> Then you should edit `./flake.nix` like a following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you should edit `./flake.nix` like a following.
```
